
title: general life principle
detail: 1. Clear concise words. 2. Think in terms of energy , frequency and vibration.
3. If you want to attract any thing in life, think in terms of what frequency that thing is vibrating.
Then. Adjust your body frequency to match that. You will attract. Same thing like actors do.
4. The greatest contribution to humanity is ones own self realisation.
5. Whatever you put energy into, it will grow. Water doesn't know the difference between weed and tomato.
It will help both grow. Energy doesn't know the difference between positive and Negative. It will make both grow.
6. Practice 7 hours playing piano. You will be perfect after 6 months.
7. Practice concentration daily, you will control your mind.
8. Energy is finite amount in your body. Save it. Save distractions. Apply it on positive things. Those positive things will grow .
9. Chose a lifestyle whose by product is happiness.
credit: web

title: women attraction logic
detail:
 women don't get attracted to men for the same reason as men to women. Men are attracted to women for their looks.
 All the time. All generations. That's because a healthy women is a signal for a healthy child. Or a healthy lifestyle.
 Women attraction to men is not so straight forward. Looks play a small part.
 They want men who are strong enough to protect her child or herself yet tender enough to nurture a child.
 You have to bring a few things to table. A well built body. Humour. Earn enough to support your and her life and child. Follow your interests.
 Bonus is when you are adventures. You travel. You must have more fun than anybody else. If you show this up, you are in the game.
 You must be doing something interesting . Women love this in men. Let go the outcome.
 Involve genuinely with them. Women can sense that a man wants sex from her. Try not be a fake person.
 Instead, let go of the outcome of talking to them. You must not think about sex and all.
 If you live life 10/10, you are attractive to people way way more than you can imagine.
source: web


title: side projects
detail:
do side projects. They are interesting. They are fun. Find time and do them.
They energize you. They can be one good thing that happens to you. They also can evolve into a life business. Find time and do it.
source: web


title : self conversation
detail:
Self conversation: engage with yourself. Find a quite place to be. Ask yourself questions. Simple questions.
After 5th , 6th conversations, you will have deeper conversations.
This is necessary to find yourself. Avoid spending energy in no important things and people. Less people. Less management.
source: sadhguru


title: recurring thoughts
detail :
Recurring thoughts : deal with them. They slow you down. It occurs because of some unfinished projects.
Needed conversations. Inner conflict. Something is bothering you from within. We need to deal that first.
Because if you don't, other ideas won't come into your mind. Your mind will not let you in.
So pickup a pen, write what's bothering you for a long time. Fix that first.
source: Benjamin

title: mirror technique
detail:
it's simple copying tone, language, body language, clothing of target person.
This makes the target person feel more comfortable with you. This can be dangerously good thing.
Slowly target starts liking you. Eg like Rahul Gandhi standing in a queue for taking movie ticket.
You being liking a movie where you hear actors speak your language, slang, etc. You feel more connected.
They are simply mimicking you ! Use this technique to make people like you. For good.
source: web


title: Jhon D Rockfeller 10 things
detail:
1. Take new paths, rather than worn paths of accepted success. Different things must be done to get different results.
2. The most important thing for a young man is to establish a reputation. See yourself as a product. Make a strong brand of yourself.
3. Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for great. Say NO to good to say YES to great.
4. i would rather 1% of 100 people efforts, than 100 % of my own efforts. Stop looking for pride in your ability to get things done. Start looking for other's who can do for you, what you do for yourself. Work less. Use leverage.
5. If your only goal is to become rich, you will never achieve it. Bill gates didn't set out for Billionare. Mark didn't do that either. These are guys who just love creating. You can get anything out of life, if you only help enough people to help get what they want.
6. Singleness of purpose is one of chief essentials for success of life, no matter what may be your aim. Do one thing for 10 years, you will be overnight success. If you can't do that, your will look for substantial success .
7. A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship. Don't build buisiness on friendship. Buisness is war.
8. I do not think there is any other quality so essential to success of any kind as the quality of perseverance. It overcomes almost anything. If you are going through hell, keep going. Bear the hell. Don't blame circumstances.
9. The way to make money is to buy when blood is running in the street. Be joyful, when everyone else is panicking. Best time to start a business is when everyone is looking for a job.
10. I always try to turn every disaster into an opportunity.
11. He who works all day, has no time to make money. Time consuming hard work does not always give good income. Use leverage.
source: web


title: basic finance & investments
detail:
1. start early. Own assets. You must own things, property, etc to make money.
2. If you are not making money while you sleep, you will end up poor. Make money work for you.
3. if you learn how to solve human problems by creating values through product or service,
then you can duplicate your solutions to millions, and make limitless money along the line.
If you sell your time for money, you are never going to do that.
4. Work Harder on yourself than you work on your job. Your job shouldn't be your hardest work.
Self Development and thinking is.  Improve mind, creative thinking.
5. The less you know about money, poorer you will be. You are as rich as your financial IQ.
6. Read about money, 30 minutes everyday for next 1 year and write what happened to you.
Most people are too busy working for money, they can't do that.
7. You can build wealth by two hands. You need leverage. You need many people. Leverage.
 Only !. Learn how to use other people hands, brains.
8. Become aware of WRONG money. Any money earned by doing tasks that are irrelevent to your big goal is WRONG money.
It's abundant. Hard to avoid. Leads you to mediocrity. Traps you in good-not-great income level.
9. IF it's not a HELL YEAH !, it's a no.
10. Building a massive wealth rarely happens unless you have a firm belief that you can do. Yes you can do. Believe it. Live it.
11. Become responsible for your income and finances. Track them. Be aware.
Once you take responsibility for everything in your life, you gain the power to change anything in your life.
12. If you raise your prices, you get more money. BUT in order to raise your prices, evolve.
Evolve into something or someone that can deliver and can charge the prices with confidence.
13. You need to be a different kind of person to make a lot of money. Discipline, Consistency and FOCUS. Work more and Harder than almost everybody else.
14 Understanding money is mastering psychology. Stock markets trade on sentiments. Learn about phsycology and you can master your mind when it comes to money and right strategy for you.
15 You can give all your money away and use it for good. It's pointless if not put towards good use. Help those who are in dire situations.
16 News and Youtube gives terrible advice on finance.  They chase headlines that leads to views.
17  What you are before money, matters. if you can't give a dollar when you have 50, you won't give when you have 1 M. MOney amplifies who you are.
18 MOney will devalue.  if kept idle, it will devalue. Invest in assets to retain it's value.
19 Be fearful when others are greedy and greedy when others are fearful. if everything is going up, and value is not there, be slightly more fearful and adjust the way you invest accordingly. When market is going up, sit in cash or liquid assets that can be easily sold if required. if market is going down and fear is everywhere, it's time to get discount.
20 Money is best put to work. invest or save.   invest in
	1. INvest in yourself by learning new skills that generate money.
	2. INvest in business through stock market index funds.
	3. INvest in books about finance so you understand money.
	4. INvest in humanity by giving a little to worthy causes.
21 Money can blow up your ego.  Do you think too highly of yourself ? Do you talk down to people because of money ? do you buy material possessions ?. How you treat others is how people treat you.
22 Money can be lost. learn best lessons, when you really lose money.
23 You can make money from your art.
24 You can make money while you sleep.  set up systems like a business, a blog, social media channel.
25 You can never have enough money. No amount of money is enough until you make decision ---- you decide you have enough.
source : Rich dad poor dad


title: Inversion Technique thinking
detail:
1. description: Conventional way of thinking is to think forward. "how to lose weight?",
"how can i get more customers".
Inverse thinking means write down what you won't like to happen and
 then list down methods to prevent those.
 This way once you eliminate your possible reasons of failure,
  you will achieve what you wanted initially.  Find solutions to those problems which you don't want to happen.
2. example: want to achieve:  How to  become a better leader ?
Opposite is:"How can you prevent yourself to become better leader?".
 Opposite solutions:  blame people, take credit when everything goes right, Talk more, listen less, Discourage your team from making contributions.
 Preventive solutions:  Lead by example, listen 80 %, talk 20 %. Reward and recognise your team for your efforts. Encourage new ideas and open criticism.
3. example: want to achieve:  How to write a good article ?.
 Oppositie: How to write a bad article ? opposite solutions: complicated language, repetitive words, no practical takeaway. Preventive solution:  Use simple language, give a practical takeaway etc.
4. Used by  Charlie Munger. Partner of Warren Buffett.
source: web

title: top things to do in 20s
detail:
Biggest asset is not money. It's the energy.
1. self education about finance
2. healthy body
3. network is networth
4. travel the world
5. Invest in yourself.
6. Businesses , Stocks and Real Estate. All wealthy people either created or hold their wealth in these categories.
7. 3 financial plans:  Get rich certain , Get rich smart ( 10- 20 )  -- active. Learning, Get Rich Fast ( 5-10).
8. Keep it very very simple.

title: Daily highly effective habits
detail:
1. read 30 minutes a day. 10 pages per day.
2. Take time to learn a new skill. at least 30 minutes per day.
3. 10k steps walking. take 40 minutes to do it.
4. sleep early.
5. hit gym for keeping yourself fit.
6. maintain a journal where you log each day what happened to you and gratitude. Be honest when you show gratitude.
7. meditate. 20 minutes each day.
8. Read aloud your short goals and long term goals each morning < 5 minutes.
9. No phone hour. spare 1 hour before sleep. Do not take your phone. Take a book instead and go to sleep.
10. Visualisation.
source: web



title: Why do we fall in love and how ?
detail:
1. Similarity in background, personality traits, attitude.
2. Geographic proximity. Near is better.
3. Desirable characteristics of personality and appearance.
4. Reciprocal affection. Does your crush likes you back ?
5. Satisfying needs.
6. Physical and emotional arousal.
7. Social influences, norms, and the approval of people in our circle
8. Specific cues in the beloved's voice, eyes, posture, way of moving.
9. Readiness for a romantic relationship
10. Opportunities to be alone together
11. Mystery, in the situation or the person.
12. NOTE: Because geographic proximity is a huge factor, for instance, hang out regularly in places where a
potential date might also want to chill. And just keep going there.
As psychologist Peter M. Vishton, Ph.D. explains in the video below, repeated exposure increases our liking for basically everything.
source: web

title: lessons from Jeff Besoz
detail:
1. Do not settle during hiring process. Takes time, but hire a good candidate.
2. Be stubborn in vision, but flexible in approach.
 If you aren't stubborn, you will give up experiments soon.
 if you aren't flexible, you will hit your head against a wall and you won't
 see a different solution to a problem you are trying to solve.
3. Be customer obsessed. Not colleague distracted.
4. Treat all good, data backed ideas fairly. Any junior employee can give these data backed ideas and can contribute significantly.
5. Don't chase the quick bucks. Chasing quick cash won't sustain you in the long-term.
Focusing on the larger payoff at the end of the road could give your business more longevity.
source: web

title: spider web theory
detail:
1. money is all around us. 24 * 7. 365 days.
2. Difference is how we catch it.
3. Traditional approach is to chase it. Prepare yourself for the chase and start chasing.
 You will end up doing a lot of hardwork and less money, since you could only chase limited amount.
4. Smart approach is to build an asset which will attract money FOR you.
Like a spider web. He build a web. That web catches insects for him, even though he sleeps.
That's what you want. A web. An asset. Asset to pump money for you, even though you don't work.
source: web

ttile: Increase concentration
detail:
1. Drink water. 1 glass every hour. Helps concentrate.
2. Average human concentration time is max 25 minutes. Take 5 min break after each 30 minute of study.
source: web

title: What to answer when somebody asks you tell me about yourself ?
detail:
1. They are asking you "what are you bringing to the table" ?. What problems can you solve for the company.
2. What's in it for them with three S. Success, Strength's and Situation.
3. YOu want to talk about your past success but not in brag way. You want to tell them smartly that your success connects to the work you shall do in the company.
4. You want to talk about your strength and connect how that can help the company grow.
5. You want to talk about what are you looking for and then connect the company with your intent.
6. Finish the conversation with a question. People who ask question control the conversation.
source: Dan Lok from Youtube

title: Sell this pen ?
detail:
1. People don't buy product and services. People buy stories. Attached story of president F.kennedy to a pen, makes it 200 times more valuable.
2. People don't buy because of logic. They buy based on emotion and justify with logic. eg. a watch.  He thinks watch is cool.
3. Buy because of shame, geneoristy, shall miss out. Often emotional reasons.
4. Think about when selling.
5. Sells man tells do me a favor. Put this on. How do you feel ? looks good. He bought the tuxedo. What am i buying. I am buying emotions.
6. Don't push your product. Push emotional buttons on.
7. People don't buy into something. They buy their way out of something. Means they want to buy something to solve a certain kind of problem. Helping them solve ? You must understand. Amount of money proportional to how deep you understand your  market place pain.
8. People buy stories as mentioned in point 1.
source: Dan Lok from Youtube


title:  work ethics
detail:
- Treat people ridiculously well
- Keep an open mind
- Put in the required effort
- Communicate effectively
- Do meaningful work
- Think about your career looking back from your deathbed.
source: web

title: 80/40/10 rule
detail:
1. stop eating when you think you are 80% full.
2. when your mind says you have to stop, you feel tired, reckless, you are only 40% done.
3. save 10% of your time per week unassigned. This builds up buffer to tackle unwanted circumstances that can come up any time.
source: web

title: passive income is myth
detail:
1. only stocks, bonds and a managed real estate is passive income.
2. Income from youtube, blogs, websites, apps, etc are not passive. They are side hustle. Side hustle will require a lot of work to be done.
3. Side hustles are exact opposite of passive income.
source: web

title: Lessons learn late in life
detail:
1. introduce yourself to lot of W. Increase in self confidence and increase chances of finding right partner. Don't be worried to being rejected.
2. Try out ideas in younger years. Nothing to lose.
3. Do not disclose your wealthyness to W.
4. Say no to things. Unprotected SX.
5. Marry someone whom you find physically attractive.
6. Marry someone who finds you amazing. "worships" you in little ways and admire you from time to time.
7. Lift weights in your early years. Will look good in 30's and 40's.
8. Stop eaTING HIGH FAT FOOD.
9. Diet > Exercise.
10. ReaD books.
source: web


title: Law of attraction
detail:
1. Ability to attract things/people/circumstances in life on which we apply our focus or give energy to.
2. We have confirmation bias. We only accept any info what we already believe in. We seek for confirmation for our own belief.
 eg.  same Youtube video has two different reactions. positive or negative. depends on what you already believe in.
3. If you don't plant anything in your mind, weed will grow.

title: work uncomfortably
detail:
A friend of mine was CEO of a high growth startup.

I was feeling incredibly proud of how well she is doing. I congratulated her and said "How does it feel to be running such a high growth company ?"

Pat came her reply , with a smile "its uncomfortable" .

I was puzzled by her response and enquired why ?  - one thing I have learnt that I have to wake up everyday and do something that
is extermely hard in market. If we do easy stuff, we will not creeate any value.

It's an uncomfortable situation, dealing with new and difficult things. But that's exactly why client comes to us - because we have got so good
in solving hard problems and creating value. We thrive in uncomfortable.

It's incredibly , but your life is just like a startup - especially when you are young.
Applying same logic to personal growth yields exactly same results - always challange yourself to do difficult things.

source: Aviral bhatnagar post from Linkedin.

title: passion by Simon Sinek
detail :
- Read books, articles, Ted talks, listen to leaders but job is must find a vision, not have a vision.
- Then use your gifts to commit to that vision.
- It's not necessary to have your own distinct vision, but you can adopt someones else vision and make your own.
source: Simon sinek


title: slow poison in life which will cause pain,suffering
detail:
- LUST
- illiteracy in finance
- Comfort Zone
- Not taking care of body
- Not having more than one source of income.
source: self












